# 8 December 2021

Go to: [All minutes](../index.md) [Previous](./mom-0612.md)

## Agenda

1. To discuss UHI Telemedicine Booking Flow


## Attendees

BK, RG, SS

## Minutes

1. UHI vs PHR: Landscape

	1. @next-step: call 
     Should a PHR be mandatory for UHI telemedicine? Should it opt-in or opt-out at the country level?
	2. There is some divergence between the PHR spec and the ABDM sandbox - "CM-frontend" as a new entity being one
	
2. Consultation booking - consent request

	1. The data governance parameters be uniform (customisable if needed)
  2. Individual doctors will not be inclined to request particular types of documents before consultations
  3. Therefore, the nature of the data requested should be a "catch-all" Health Information type

3. Emergency data access

	1. Nominees must be part of the spec itself - provide consent in case of incapacitation
	2. @next-step: prepare-list-of-emergency-data-attributes
     What attributes should be accessible for a request tagged as emergent by a hospital's trauma department? 
  3. How should consent overrides be included, if any?

4. Data upload

	1. In the booking flow, document upload outside consent ecosystem via SDK/Webview exposed by Doctor's app is desirable
  2. This upload should only happen inside the time window from when the patient enters the Digital Waiting Room till when the consultation ends
  3. Consequently, the uploaded documents and the generated e-Prescription should together be exposed to any requesting HIUs post consultation
  4. In the current understanding of the UHI ecosystem, Health Lockers are optional
	4. @next-step: call
     Fundamental question of data storage: Does the generated record reside inside the HIP and is only fetched by the HIU? Or, does the HIP mandatorily push generated records to Health Lockers?
     Is a doctor's system (HIP) responsible for persistent data storage? Given that doctors may shut practice/HIPs may shut business, how is this feasible?
     If not, is a Health Locker to be a mandatory part of the UHI ecosystem to allow birth-death health record storage for an individual? If so, what incentive model be designed for health lockers? 
	
5. @next-step: prepare-consultation-and-post-consultation-flows
